[Music]
just to clarify I was listening the
lecture as well I just get very excited
for brunch at Saturday morning lunches
and later that afternoon we have a few
of my friends writing the love when this
tricky exam term got to get through it
together
so to be extra efficient between
lectures I've just gone to be a physio
leadership and I'm doing today is making
my phone last night today I said this
time I'll be doing this I've obviously
got my tour that China protocol and
you've got to supers including one at
8:00 till 9:00 evening this evening
you'll be so dead by then anyway the
plan is Revital it's basically and take
break so take regular breaks I've got
breaks scheduled in I know I'm doing for
lunch all planned out feigning organized
so say the time is 9:15 and I've just
finished my last soup of the day just so
tired it's just such a long time to be
working for anyway I just dropped by
applauds cousin look what's right a
tripod I know look at me go I need to
get to bed early this evening because
for some reason I agreed to cooks an
outing tomorrow morning looking back I
don't know why I didn't do it because I
really do value mystique I've got to be
at a boathouse for 6:30 help no tomorrow
morning as well so actually I'm going to
open the trap and then I'm going to
just revise fossils for my practical
work because I need to be able to
identify them and describe them and you
get the drill big ability that's a
tripod try to buy jaws mixing trying to
buy and brachiopod
to make sure this cannot be I'm sorry is
that I have to sit down here while
filming you say it's supposed to be one
point two seven meters that's not one
point two seven meters do these things
put out oh I've never used any sort of
filming equipment before I am literally
a newbie to all this oh my god check it
out wow that's tall I'm so excited right
now you have no idea the cake so you are
now on my tripod you're a bit wonky
right now
and I can't actually figure out how to
fix that how was it it's this thing oh
this thing moves you know look at that
[Music]
I've been working in my room quite a lot
recently here I'm just completing some
supervision work although I'm trying to
do a little revision for myself at the
minute so it's not set work but it's
working setting myself to be fully
prepared for exams I played a game of
charades with my friends later that day
say comment down below what you think
I'm acting out everyone said it was
really unobvious but I disagree anyway
object with antlers and object
monopolies what the hell are you doing
oh dear you know so it's a grind
it is the local elections today as a
student in Cambridge I'm actually
allowed a vote in Cambridge and a home
and go find the polling station I think
according it to Google Maps it should be
just around the corner from Jesus so I
found it great great let's go vote so I
have successfully voted and yeah I
highly encourage voting to all who are
eligible and all elections even it's
just local and now back to college so
nice I still light as well and I'm just
gonna do some work this evening and yeah
just a bit chilled really be nice
hello it is a Saturday morning and
welcome to brunch start off the day
after lectures favorite is the one with
chocolate sauce nor the teller because
we tether is bad for you and so it is a
beautiful day today so sunny it's nice
we can sit outside I'm surmising outside
place it behind me
yeah yeah I think the plan is to do some
chemistry this afternoon good
watch these pigs walk in a moment mm-hmm
so we are just walking to Sainsbury's to
get some ice lollies and then also
we all don't know much about it but
basically everyone goes to Jesus clean
and I think there's quite a little
alcohol involved but I'm planning on
doing sober one and just having a bit of
a picnic with people so I should be nice
the weather forecast is amazing but I do
need snacky stuff for it as well so I'm
going to get that ice Aliza's priority
unfortunately we don't have freezes so I
can't get loads of packs so I'm just
gonna have to keep going to say speak
every time I want an ice lolly this turn
but it'll be worth it when is this
weather
we bought lots of supplies for the
picnic the next day you're a successful
trip
lovely wisteria
first I slowly of the year very exciting
got a love of Bob
so basically Astrid has gone away this
evening I've done lovely display on the
best friend she has her little bit too
much
[Music]
the reaction was a little bit
anticlimactic not going to lie and Here
I am itching out my room to see what's
going on so good morning it is Sunday
morning and I'm up early it's 9:00 cook
I set my alarm for 7:00 and I have
literally sneezed in for two hours
straight I was like right you need to
get out of bed now Paige because I've
got work to do
before I go off for my picnic I'm just
gonna do an hour of that okay so it is
ten o'clock now what is done so I am
going to go and get have to get dressed
get ready for the day and I do need to
learn how my chemistry at some point
this morning
we're heading off to these screens a
picnic food
[Music]
what you want hey Sophia oil on your
screen
we've got love for snacks including
cucumber sex and humorous which is my
favorite is Yong Yong I mean this isn't
even a challenge Wow having a little
Sunday looking lovely editing sneak
preview whoa I'm here we have Tim hey
[Laughter]
we're also part of it I'm very happy to
[Music]
Wow it's six o'clock and still here and
still in the Sun it's great so this was
my attempt to show you the stars on
camera yep totally work hello good
morning yeah I'm back between lectures
this morning oh just retires I think
it's about that early last night right
today is back all in one day my cooler
day Monday is basically the weekend
still like this is ridiculous I should
be having a nice chill day again instead
of court lectures I've got super visions
like just doesn't stop when I was
cycling to that there were no cars
around it was so quiet cuz it's bad
holiday no one's going to work I do need
to do my laundry because hey I guess you
didn't do it yesterday me I've got super
visions I've got lots of work to get
done so yeah the minute I'm having my
breakfast between lectures just on my
earth pract cool
you know I'm going back to college gotta
bring my parents cuz they're booking
holidays and I need to discuss out with
them um oh there is still sunny as
always got a couple of CPAs over half
those cut quite short lunch breaks got
super after lunch to tell you why it's
so much nicer cycling when it's
this is sunny weather rather than in
snow last term what a sleep no one no
one understands how happy I am right now
this Sun just puts me but second ten
this is the best beautiful place to be
at this time of year I love it yeah okay
so I'm just making a quick detour to buy
some Sun cream because I can't keep
borrowing other people's forever and I
do not want to get burned also after
sand it occurs we may have got a little
bit burnt already yeah the turtle and be
protected from the Sun be responsible in
the Sun kids okay
so my super is over and now I'm gonna
make a start on this lovely jumble of
clothes down here cuz I needs you some
laundry strip my bed let's get some
laundry done okay so I have my laundry
packed up in these bags here Here I am
with my laundry powders in tow pray with
me that there is lots of free machines
cuz I need two machines okay I've
reached a laundry room and it's honestly
like a sauna in here no joke I think
about diabetes I'm gonna be in an outfit
as
there's going to be the quickest largest
segment I've ever done of machines there
supreme machines but god of dying it's
like a desert or something what even is
it they need I've never experienced this
before this is what the weather does
help so I'm just packing my lights into
the machine feel like power for two
times there I really am quite grow so I
want to pass my expertise on to all of
you out there too so don't know what
they're doing laundry
and we're in my position like a few
months back when I first started it's
very quite easy separate your colors to
separate your lights
I like to put in a color capture sheet
to catch a nickel of the plans and to
put some powder room
the cotton
[Music]
oh it's so cold out here that's such a
pretty I tell you one a laundry room was
quiet it's because no one else wanted to
die a bit overheating cool so I've got
about 45 minutes now they're about to
till I knees go back and get my clothes
out of the washing machine until then I
think do some physics supervision this
evening
where we are going over the physics Mach
which I passed by the way I passed my
physics book hallelujah how much I pass
by is not important just go over some of
the questions that wasn't sure route so
I'm prepared to fire questions at my
supervisor this evening it's a new
supervisor it's my director of studies
so hopefully we'll be a good supervision
gravitational and electrostatic fields
are actually extremely computing I'll
have you know yeah in physics we do get
a choice of questions but I know in the
exam I am definitely going to have to
answer a question on one of those two
weeks so what I need to understand it
basically just confusing me and I don't
have long till exams so I'm gonna go
over the lecture notes and then I can go
over that my suppose well hopefully Oh
first I'm gonna put some Sun cream on
because otherwise I'm gonna burn
I mean I'm already burnt like people
keep commenting like pager that red and
I'm like I know I don't don't tell my
mother I don't know what the forecast is
will tells me well he told me on do the
weather still this is gonna get its
gonna go downhill don't believe it
though I'm feeling will is not
trustworthy source no offence well I
went all out on the Sun cream I was not
getting burnt and then I started going
over my physics and lecture notes and
unsurprisingly got a bit unfocused had a
bit of a natter done setting a bad
example don't do that
I eventually got back to it though and I
did get some work done and I was just in
a good mood because it was so sunny so
I've bought back all the clothing I'm
not tumble drying and now it is time to
hang it up in the dryer
my new dryer could be testing out oh em
gee look how tall it is I'm so excited I
feel like I'm gonna be able to fit so
many more clothes on this my old one and
there you have it folks
my laundry is up to dry I think it will
dry very quickly you know in this
weather so hot so we have just heard a
barbecue out on traffic court it's very
nice to do a barbecue every Monday here
is everyone it's lovely and we had
another group study session outside to
make the most as the weather
okay so it's time to head off to my last
super of the day and I was time we will
be done hallelujah hello hello
don't you just love it when the universe
is against you like I'm trying to get
some work up on the Cambridge Moodle or
I can access like question sheets and
stuff my course the Wi-Fi is not working
I need Wi-Fi do they want me to fail
because I'm beginning to think so this
is sabotage nightmare on that note I'm
gonna end this book here so basically
now exams are coming up like I've got a
month to the exams now the pressure is
kicking in and so I'm not quite sure how
regular my videos are gonna be over the
next few weeks I hope you understand I
will definitely be back in full force
after exams for a week which is gonna be
great we're gonna have Mabel's which are
in June despite their name and until
then you may or may not see a video it
depends if I can fit it in if I have
time because priority is obviously my
degree and getting a decent grade in my
exams and if there is a lack of rocks
because I'm busy revising rather than
editing then it just be sure to check
out my Instagram account
well I will pretty much almost certainly
be posting lots of pictures of what I'm
getting up to anyway and my Instagram
account is at under school page
underscore white I'll link in the
description below good luck to everyone
who is taking exams at the minute or
what's the day today start of May isn't
it exactly starting really soon really
good luck to everyone taking exams yeah
give the video a like and subscribe if
you enjoyed and
[Music]